Update the header of every file - new comments (#108188)
AdguardTeam/AdguardFilters: EnglishFilter/sections/replace.txt

!

> ! This section contains the list of the content replacement rules that block ads. Rules should be specific.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
! This section contains the list of the content replacement rules that block ads. Rules must be domain-specific.
```
